# Meeting 14 - Group [2017/10/15]
- Missing Group Members: None

## Notes
- We don't want to change any existing code for modularization, so we abstracted things out.
- Black still wants to abstract communication.
- Luke is gonna get logins and data storage fully functional and into a plugin.
- Once logins are working, Sam is gonna set up authentication.
- Ryan wants to adapt the legacy managers able to execute on every module rather than just one.
- We talked about possibly implementing a chat system.
