# Meeting 15 - Group [2017/10/16]
- Missing Group Members: None

## Notes
- We discussed what happened at the meeting with Gavin.
- @mblack diagrammed all of the functions he's going to make and what they're going to do.
- The PostgreSQL access for the application should be live within the week.
- We want to have a couple more use-cases done before next Monday.
- @radomski is helping @lgaynor set up a plugin for Sequelize.
