# Meeting 13 - Group [2017/10/12]
- Missing Group Members: None

## Notes
- Ryan completed the plugins system, which is a way to share code across controllers.
- We discussed modularity issues, and Ryan had some good ideas for doing so.
- We looked over the readings that we went over in Wednesday's class, and discussed the ones for Friday's.
- We talked about what we want to have for the next demo.
- Qualifiers for the next demo:
  - [ ] Ambitious goal would be to have rendering distributed between at least two users.
  - [ ] Project storage and fetching.
  - [ ] Permissions system for roles.
  - [ ] Set up toolbox for drag-&-drop entity creation.
